Vendor gomod dependencies (#167)
release-engineering/cachito: README.md

- to add more python dependencies: add to `requirements.txt` and `requirements-workers.txt`

> ## Database Migrations

Reviewer: It would be best if this was done as a separate commit.

  script. This defaults to `1`.
* `cachito_sources_dir` - the directory for long-term storage of app source archives. This
  configuration is required, and the directory must already exist and be writeable.
* `cachito_strict_gomod_vendor` - the bool to disable/enable the strict vendor mode. This defaults

>   to `False`. For a repo that has gomod dependencies, if the vendor directory exists and this config

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  to `False`. For a repo that has gomod dependencies, if the `vendor` directory exists and this config
```

>   option is set to `True`, we fail the cachito request. This is added in order to not break the ACM
>   builds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  option is set to `True`, Cachito will fail the request.
```

  script. This defaults to `1`.
* `cachito_sources_dir` - the directory for long-term storage of app source archives. This
  configuration is required, and the directory must already exist and be writeable.

> * `cachito_strict_gomod_vendor` - the bool to disable/enable the strict vendor mode. This defaults

Reviewer 2: Could you elaborate a little more here please?

  script. This defaults to `1`.
* `cachito_sources_dir` - the directory for long-term storage of app source archives. This
  configuration is required, and the directory must already exist and be writeable.
* `cachito_gomod_strict_vendor` - the bool to disable/enable the strict vendor mode. This defaults
  to `False`. For a repo that has gomod dependencies, if the `vendor` directory exists and this config

>   option is set to `True`,Cachito will fail the request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  option is set to `True`, Cachito will fail the request.
```

properly authenticated. A common deployment option is using httpd (Apache web server)
with the `mod_auth_gssapi` module.

## Flags

* `gomod-vendor` - the flag to indicate the vendoring requirement for gomod dependencies. If present in the

>   cachito request, dependencies are vendored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Cachito request, Cachito will run `go mod vendor` instead of `go mod download` to gather dependencies.
```
